>> Brian Holt: Let's try another
test here in pizza.test.jsx,
test to have default image
if none is provided.
>> Brian Holt: Some of you might
be looking this is like, but
Brian, it doesn't have a default image.
Yeah, we've discovered a bug in our code.
Async, we're gonna say something
quite similar, const screen.
You could probably even just copy and
past this if you wanted to.
>> Brian Holt: And
just dump source here, right?
You don't want that and
we want name to be something else.
And I'm just going to put something
else because I'm not feeling clever at
the moment.
So notice that this has no image
despite the fact that it expects one.
So I'm going to say, const image
equals screen, again, you can do this.
>> Brian Holt: And we're going to say,
we expect img.src not to be blank.
>> Brian Holt: Now, if we look at
our thing, obviously, it is, right?
There we go.
>> Brian Holt: It gives you a bunch
of just helper stuff to figure out
what it needs here.
But it tells you this is not working.
Notice, it's also saying
something about this, right?
Does my favorite pizza picksum,
this doesn't make any sense, right?
This was from the former test, right?
Why is that?
It's because screen is stateful and
we didn't reset it.
>> Brian Holt: And that's why I'm putting
this in here, because I constantly forget
to reset it, and I know you all are gonna
constantly forget to reset it as well.
So I want you to share in my pain, mostly,
this has been just a long
con to make people suffer.
So we're gonna clean up after ourselves.
Inside of vitest here, we're gonna
grab our sentiment in vitest, but
rather a testing library, react, the
cleanup function, and then from vitest,
we also need afterEach
>> Brian Holt: And then,
you just got to do one little tiny,
very easy thing afterEach(cleanup).
>> Brian Holt: And now, if we go back,
this is gonna be a much cleaner error,
right?
It doesn't have all that other stuff.
This is just basically telling,
hey, after each one of these tests,
run the testing library
react to clean up itself.
You might be looking at this like,
why do I have to plumb this?
This doesn't make a ton of sense to me,
it's because testing library react doesn't
know when each test starts or finishes.
It's not the same thing as vitest, right?
It's a separate library, and
it's usable across mocha and
all the other testing harnesses.
So you just have to give it like,
hey, I'm done,
you also could have done,
I'm pretty sure something like this.
>> Brian Holt: And
just called it right there.
And I think this would have also worked.
Yeah, right, so
you can manually call it as well.
This is just nice with vitests to say,
like, hey, after every single thing,
please reset testing library
back to where it was.
Okay, so that works, but
our test is still failing obviously.
So let's go modify pizza then to
say if there is an image, use it.
>> Brian Holt: Otherwise use
our little picsum.photo/200.
>> Brian Holt: This 200 just
means it's a 200 by 200 square.
You guess it if you want a 3 by 300
square, I think if you want a 3 by 200
it's like this, it's useful, I use it
from time to time for prototyping.
>> Brian Holt: So now, source will have
something here if you didn't pass in
an image, and in theory, our testing
suite should be passing now, it is.
So there we go.
>> Student: Why are our tests in here
having the asynchronous functions if
our pizza does not have any
asynchronous calls to it?
>> Brian Holt: It's good question.
Let's look at the, so
the very first answer to your question is,
I just always make it async, because
later I might add asynchronous things.
I don't remember, we don't have anything
in here that we have to wait for.
So no, this one, we don't have to
you really could take these out.
I'm not mistaken, right?
It actually doesn't depend
on those being async.
But so frequently,
I end up adding async things when
later I'm why is this not working?
It's yeah, I got to add the async,
as soon as you put await here or
something like that, it's gonna say it
failed, and I'll be like, why did it fail?
Well, at least it gives you
a nice error message, right?
So in this particular case, the answer
to your question is force of habit.
There's no downside here
because vitest handles both.